# ***Hello World***

## **TASK 1: Kernel Level Rootkit**
The *root.c* file is a rootkit that gives nonroot users root access. In this particular case, the name of the module that was inserted into the kernel is *ttyR0*. The *root.c* file essentially uses a magic word, in this case, "g0tR0ot" to trigger the rootkit. The code will import all the relevant header files, define the name and device of the module and setup the function prototypes for initializing, exiting, opening, reading, and writing the module. It will also initialize the `V(x)` function which will be used for setting the id's of the user and declares a `majorNumber` (used by kernel to detect which module to use), class, and device driver. It sets up the module info and maps functions with their respective pointers in the file operations `struct` object. In detail, when the module is first inserted into the machine, it will create a major number and register a character device for the kernel to use in order to identify the machine and will print those them to the kernel log. Next, it will register the device class and its device driver. The type of device class can be found in the `#define` variables towards the top of the code. If any stage of the registration fails, the module will unregister the device class or device driver, throw a pointer error, and will print out an error message.  The rootkit will allocate memory into the kernel for a possible input from the user. When a user writes to the module, the module will check if the input is equal to the magic word. If it is equal, then the module will check if preparing credentials is possible. If it not possible, the module will not do anything; however, if preparing the credentials is possible, then the module will set the user's *uid*, *gid*, *euid*, *egid*, *suid*, *sgid*, *fsuid*, and *fsgid* to 0 (the id of root). It will commit those credentials for the current user giving the user root access. Then, it will do some garbage collection and return the the length of the input string. Finally, the module will destroy the device and exit.